/*-
 * Copyright (c) 2018 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc.
 * All rights reserved.
 *
 * This code is derived from software contributed to The NetBSD Foundation
 * by Karuna Grewal.
 *
 * Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 * modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 * are met:
 * 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
 *    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
 *    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 *
 * THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS
 * ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
 * TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
 * PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS
 * BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 * CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 * SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 * INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 * CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 * ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
 * POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 */
 
.Dd July 6, 2018
.Dt TEA5767
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm tea5767
.Nd Philips TEA5767 FM Chip
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Cd "tea5767radio* at iic? addr 0x60 flags 4"
.Cd "radio* at tea5767radio?"
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
driver provides support for the Philips TEA5767 FM stereo radio.
.Pp
.Nm
can tune in the range 87.5 \- 108.0 MHz, perform hardware signal search
and supports mono/stereo toggling.
.Pp
The flags control the FM Band, XTAl and PLL values as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It 0x01
sets the FM Band to Japan.
.It 0x02
sets the PLL bit.
.It 0x04
sets the XTAl bit.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr iic 4 ,
.Xr radio 4 ,
.Xr radio 9 ,
.Rs
.%A TEA5767
.%T Low-power FM stereo radio
.%N Rev. 05
.%D 26 January 2007
.Re
.Sh CAVEATS
The
.Nm
driver doesn't have a well supported autosearch owing to the inaccuracy of the crystal. Therefore, a crystal check has been added to disable the search capability in case the crystal is working inaccurately.